good afternoon today I can cook soup with
meatballs
for this we need for broth
chicken skeletons
2 chickens will be enough so bone
chicken broth
so like soup with meatballs us
will need minced one third minced
pork and 2 3 beef egg black
pepper salt, respectively, 2 onions
and for broth we need celery
and for zazharki
Bulgarian carrot pepper half
red and green, respectively
potato and here and here we have macaroni
colored stars and so I put to cook
broth broth is boiled from the frame
fast enough from 40 minutes to an hour and
broth and put 1 to such celery
to cook fragrant broth
a few grams of black pepper for
broth flavor
bay leaf things such bay 4
leaf and so leave to stew broth
only need to be removed when
broth boils remove foam useful
if we do as follows
very, really need to chop the onion but
it can already now in principle it
kill to chop onion finely
need to have a very sharp knife will not
put onions quite a lot because
that the meatballs will then be juicy
I'm going to pepper now
black pepper also need to add
necessarily salt
I also add because the stuffing is fresh but
it seems to me anyway
you need to add a little half cup water and
tolkushkoy need to mix with us
one testicle
for stickiness to make meatballs not
broke up stuffing I became boards for up
homogeneous mass and cooked tea
a spoon in order to cook
meatballs but it's a bit bigger now
I will need to cut
all for the soup now I'm cutting thin
the straw will then just be very small
chopped bell pepper for that
so that large pieces of the step float
some like it big when cut
but in our family that was not noticeable
also finely chop straw first you
then across
paint red bell pepper
olive oil preferably even adidas i
I will not fry and very much
literally put out the oil
still took the color on coffee
turned yellow well usually potato sock I
I see it this way so small
dice that is, it turns out somewhere here
here is such a cube
our broth is ready for you was about
hours now I give our
bay leaf skeletons we need
more a lot on wooing potatoes
knead like a bell pepper i'm not
roasted it so I along with
Potato Smeared To Make It
time for him to fail
painting than a little secret for that
that only the girls turned out beautiful and
fragrant you can put dried
parsley or dill
i will put the parsley mix thoroughly and
then the critical holes will be very beautiful
about parsley longing and now you can already
will lower the meatballs that us
need a teaspoon and go to with
my hands should be wet with water
specially typed in order to
wet your hands is not what is needed in order
so that when approaching you get round and
stuffing did not stick to hands
such a meatball is obtained and hands
net pretty much turned out
me meatballs general chicken soup
come cabin scottish my home
very small to delta so i
always go a lot of broth
home economics
drag the telly and now you can fold
carrot we prepared so much as you
our 1 orange oil I ask you
spoke some olive oil and she
still changed color from carrot without
carrot is not fried on braised but
light carrot gave abbas any cloud with
beautiful with beautiful little lively
mid yellow olive oil
take a look
the potatoes are almost ready for us
meatballs too
so in the last minutes we
send a folder
and five minutes left five minutes and
the fact will be ready and you can eat
That's so beautiful, it turned out
so we have such a delicious soup
turned out soup with meatballs
all bon appetit to new meetings
Well, now you can go to eat